I was born in Maidstone, Kent in 1992. My parents split when I was about 5 but fortunately, I was able to still have my dad in my life. I spent most of my childhood living near the historic town of Chatham, Kent with my mum and sister where I attended St Thomas More primary school and later The Malling School (secondary) near the town of Maidstone. My dad met my stepmother a little while after which gave me a stepbrother and stepsister.

I visited my dad in the school holidays and every other weekend in Surrey where he lived at the time. It was during my childhood and early teens when I started to realise that I was a very creative person, daydreaming all the time. I discovered that I liked Art (mainly drawing with pencil), Trading card games, imaginary games with my sister and sometimes myself (maybe a little worrying?), cartoons, comics, videos, story tapes and I also discovered that I love writing and playing the guitar.

In 2000, I met my half-brother for the first time in my life and in 2001 we were blessed with the birth of my half-sister who was born with a rare syndrome called Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome (WHS) which has changed all of our lives, I think for the better. Although we have had many hard and scary times through the years with her, we’ve all been able to make lovely memories together. We have been very lucky to be able to do things and go to places with her that we would not have been able to do otherwise, thanks to the help of the amazing charities that have supported us. She has taught me that you shouldn’t take life for granted and that everyone is capable of helping people out, even with the small things.

And finally, in 2003 my other half-sister was born bringing my sibling count to 6. Throughout my teens, I have also lived in the historic town of Rochester, Kent and the town of Maidstone. Thanks to my dad, I’ve been able to spend some of my life in Surrey, Devon and the New Forest, Hampshire too. It’s strange to think, I know, that I have not read much in my life and now want to be a writer but I have always had the knack for daydreaming up lots of stories in intricate worlds.

I only attempted to put some of my ideas onto paper somewhere in 2015 but stopped as I found out very fast how hard it was to write a novel. There were other things I wanted to do and try and life just generally got in the way as it usually does. Finally, in late 2016 after working in the industries of fast-food, retail, security, working as a ride operator at a theme park, being a delivery driver and finally working in IT, I decided to put one of my first ideas down on paper intending it to be a short story.

Now in 2019, I’m almost there with my final draft of that very story which has now evolved into a Novella and I have started writing many others. It’s both a curse and a gift to be able to have so many of these ideas because of the battle for motivation and time over the years but I intend to see these drafts turn into something you can all read as I’ve found it to be a way to express my thoughts, feelings, achievements and inspirations from all the events, things and people that have affected my life in one way or another.

I’m inspired by Stephen King and his life story and thus some of my stories include my love of the horrific, twisted, supernatural darkness that comes from the deepest, darkest depths of the human psyche and sometimes the fantastical parts too. I also loved the world created by Dmitry Glukhovsky in Metro 2033 and the stories from Dead Space and Alan Wake.

But, most importantly my stories reflect events around me that have helped to define me as a person today. Like everyone in the world, we all have to learn about fear, death, happiness, sadness, dreams, greed, empathy, love, violence and hope. You’ll find all of these personal experiences somewhere in my stories...just...with a little fantastical or dark twist added to them.

I hope you look forward to reading them as much as I look forward to them (slowly) being made available to you and thank you for taking an interest in reading a little about me and my journey so far. I hope you will join me on the rest of my journey by signing up to the mailing list for updates and news on me and my work first before anyone else!
